---
title: A Quick April Post
description: Time flies when you are, or are not, having fun.
tags:
  - Work
  - Blogs
  - Recap
date: 2025-04-28 06:40:00
draft: false
---

## What I've been up to

This morning I looked at the blog to see my last post date, Apr. 05. That was a movie post, not a blog post.
My last blog post was Mar. 31st, meaning I have not blogged this month.

April has continued to be challenging with work, and my drive to sit at a computer these days is a bit low.

That has got me into the mindset of change. (Spring finally being sprug has also contributed.)

What can I do to change some of the stressors at work, or really between work and life?
The eternal question, and a question that I can explore here on the blog.

## Up Next

I have fliped the priorities on the readme for now. Originally, I thought diving into the lighthouse score metrics would be fun and valuable, but with those scores already being very high, I don't think this needs to be a prioirity, and my attention has already moved on.

I have been enjoying Jim Nielsen's blog quiet a bit, as it weaves between technical and personal matters similarily to how I want to write for this blog. He also seems to have a similar outlook to developing for the web (and bloging) as me. [Jim Nielsen's Blog](https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/)

His approach to themes, menu, and post/archive/filtered navigation is interesting, and I will be taking insporation from it for my own efforts.

So really next steps are, navigation, tagging, archiving, and theming.
All fun things in my opinion!

Welcome spring!
