---
title: New Year Resumption
description: Unfortunately, it seems I’ve left the blog in a bit of battered state, poor thing.
tags:
  - 'New Year'
  - Blogs
  - Deploys
date: 2026-01-20 07:27:00
draft: false
---

I don’t want to rehash the year of 2025. I want to be looking forward into 2026. Nostalgia is bullshit.

I’ve had a bit of a hiatus from this blog, though I have been tinkering in the background. I will provide no excuses or explanation however.
I am still a year later enamoured by the initial idea of  the blog, which is: 

::AsideBar

#default
blogging about building a blog on the blog being built.
::


Over the Xmas holidays, I was prompted to migrate the blog off NuxtHub. Nuxt was bought by Vercel, and now NuxtHub is pointless. No big deal, I’m still a Cloudflare fan, so I decided to stay and migrate everything to Cloudflare proper. 

Except I needed to migrate from Pages to Workers as Pages is going the way of the dodo. And this is my pain now. In the mess I have created, I have a barely functioning Workers version of the site. By the time I publish this post, I will have it fixed, but this is my immediate pain. It would be easier to move the blog to Vercel but that is a step too far in my opinion. 

Other than that, I have been reading a fair amount… which the blog does not currently show. This is because in my absence the hardcover cron that I have running to poll data from their api broke in I think October, but maybe November. I fixed that up over the holidays only to discover more bugs. 

## Up Next

There is actually more maintenance work to do in Cloudflare and reconfiguring my deploys. Once that river is crossed, I want to review the polling and data strategy of the Hardcover worker. There is a lot of good data there, and I want to introduce more content on to the blog, perhaps even a detail page or reviews. Might as well start there, as I already know where the bugs at. 

Having detail pages for each of the content categories would be nice. And I still have the music widget in the back of my mind. Really adding all the basic functionality of a blog is outstanding: detail pages, toc, archives, commenting, and proper images.

Secondarily, I have an itch to start another project. This time just ripping off [https://notes.jim-nielsen.com/](https://notes.jim-nielsen.com/#top) concept of make your own microblog/linkshare. Having a personal CMS I could drop a link and add a comment to, would be an interesting project. Using the POSSE methodology, I could have that microblog post to BlueSky and Mastodon, and then that post on BlueSky would be picked up by my BlueSky worker and automatically added to the blog. 🤔 This sounds ridiculously unnecessary and so I think I’ll put something together.