---
title: 'Hidden Effort'
description: 'I have done so much work but the blog itself is barely changed.'
tags: ['Blog as Purpose', 'Recap']
date: 2025-01-05
---

# Hidden Effort

I've done so much work but the blog itself is barely changed.

<!-- more -->

I dived into Cloudflare and it's services recently. I'm now moving the data polling of these various services to cloud functions and storing the normalized data I need in to a Cloudflare D1 database.

Really thinking about data and how this feed should be structured is taking up a lot of brainspace. Schema writing, ERDs, Typescript, are all things I need to work on, so it is good practice. I'm finding `blog as purpose` really helps with focus and motivation.

I've left the repos of the worker code private for now. It's all pretty rudimentary.

## Auto screenshot

The auto screenshot system works fairly well. It stores unique screenshots, caches the current one, and can deliver historical versions on request.

The only other piece of functionality I'm thinking of adding is a request screenshot size. e.g. `?w=1920&h=1080`

I'll be adding the open graph information and the screenshot :SoonTm{:date='17:20pm January 05, 2025'}.

## Up Next

There is a host of stuff you can do with Nuxt Content and Prose components, so I would love to get into some of that. I think it would be fun to have several components that can do some heavy display formatting, e.g. code display windows, a D&D stat block component, other fun widgets.

I'll add it to the list.
