---
title: Keeping Momentum
description: Making a hobby not be work.
tags:
  - Recap
  - Images
date: 2025-01-26 01:54:00
---

# Keeping Momentum

Making a hobby not be work.

<!-- more -->

:CloudinaryImg

<abbr title="Not gonna lie">NGL</abbr> this blogroject remains engaging to me simply because I can pick it up, put it down, change direction, do multiple things at the same time, and really just tickle fancy.

Part of the reason the background is graph paper is because I'm always starting projects, or engage in projects that never end. This blog is just a draft, and will always just be a draft, a timestamped log of my own somewhat freewheeling whims and interests. That is really the point. Just a WIP account of shit that I like and am thinking about at that point in time.

But, loosely speaking, I'm in control of the feed. No algorithms involved. No ads. No dirty socials.

The infrastructure this blog is built on is sophisticated and involves tracking all the way down. I am personally only tracking web vitals through Cloudflare. Though I’m sure there is tracking throughout the various APIs I’m using, I have not added anything like Google Analytics. I want web vitals so that I don't get hacked and end up with a massive bill. I also do want this site to be performant and can use those statistics for optimization.

The only tracking plan really is to home-roll a light old school visitor counter and call it a day. :soon-tm

## What feels like work.

Along with this post, I’ve made several updates to the site, some refactoring, some light tweaking, some <em class="font-display">sweet font action</em>, but the thing that was the most work-like was migrating from Nuxt Content `2.13.4` to `3.0.0`.

The tax for keeping everything shiny.

Switching early I feel was worth the effort, but it was not the most exciting of Sunday mornings.

<cite>This is Adam from about a month in the future. The above statement was wildly incorrect. Upgrading that early was a mistake and a serious bump in my cadence to fix. Chasing that shiny like a noob.</cite>

## Cloudinary

I went with Cloudinary for image storage as they seemed the fanciest, and the one with the best free tier. I did need to add my billing info, so I'm not a huge fan of that.

Keeping an eye on these saas accounts so they don't go rogue and infinitely bill you is a full time job. (Or just a PITA to set up all the notifiction and reading esoteric billing setups.)

Had an idea that a polaroid style image look would be appropriate. Maybe stuff images behind the blog content, move on hover, slide in place on mobile load, onclick/tap open the image carousel. <a href="https://github.com/adamisarobot/adam4ever.com">I'll add it to the list.</a>

## Up Next

All this talk of feeds; that is really the next step. TMDB and Hardcover are syncing properly, humming along in the background. Now to make a Worker route for API access to the D1 Feed.

When the API is complete, then I can create the server route on the Nuxt side to blend the Feed with the Nuxt Blog content by timestamp. And once that is complete, I can turn around and make that Nuxt Feed into an RSS feed for the blog.

Then build the other workers and add them to the feed. 🤱

Is this overly complicated? You betcha.

Is it work? Sometimes.

Is it fun? Yes.

Feed.
