---
title: A Substantial Update
description: Though I have been very busy throughout March, the Blogroject continues.
tags:
  - Blogs
  - Recap
date: 2025-03-31 07:00:00
---

## What I've been up to.

My March has been dominated with work, and as a reflection of that my my blogrojecting time as been minimal.
Having said that, I've still been able to update a few things.

### The Firehose

Taking inspo from Blue Sky itself, I've named the main feed of this blog, The Firehose. I also am a massive fan of UHF, so you all get to drink from The Firehose! 😀 This is a Cloudflare worker route I built with Hono. I also updated the Blue Sky, Hardcover, and TMDB workers to fetch more data and normalize it somewhat.

### The Homepage

When this blog goes up, it will accompany the Firehose updates on the front end, which are a fairly substantial. I've added a simple Badge component, but I'm only using the highlight colour currently. The brutalist-adjacent style is holding, but I need to introduce a colour palette eventually.
There are a lot of styling things I want to do with this blog, but the infrastructure work continues.

### POSSE and Indie Web

I finished adding all the metadata to the site to unsure proper attribution and syndication of the content. This was primarily done through h-card and h-entry validation. This also means my personal information is on the blog. This is something which I am not 100% comfortable with, but is a bit of a no-brainer if I want to own my content.

I didn't go all the way down the POSSE route, preferring the original concept of this blog, which is to be an aggregator of my internet activity. I am storing everything, so if these services disappear then I still have my content. Seems like a happy medium.

There is a next step that I have been considering, which is to set up my own server and self-host. For next level ownership. One thing that stops me (outside of the expense) is Cloudflare. Using Cloudflare is very good and growing my experience in their offerings is beneficial, so there is no strong impetus to migrate... yet.

This came up recently when I starting reading about https://www.coolify.io/. This maybe future future plans, but looks like fun.

## Up Next

In the Firehose effort, Spotify was dropped from the feed. I plan on adding more content style features to what I have currently built, and will do the Spotify feed down the road. (The real problem is that I use YouTube Music, so my Spotify activity is very low.)

I still want to flesh out how images are used on the blog. The Cloudinary connection works, it is just hard coded. I want to be able to present a primary blog image in the BlogCard, and I will want that primary image to be used in the post open graph information.

Some of the features I would like to add revolve around custom/detail pages for all content types. Where you can click in, and perhaps I have written a review of the movie, see my score/rating. The Blue Sky post shows interactions, likes, etc.

I also want to start looking at building some fun little widgets off the readme list.
